# Yoga-training-tools-Privacy-policy
This application attaches great importance to user privacy policy and strictly abides by relevant laws and regulations. Please read the privacy policy carefully before continuing to use. If you continue to use our services, it means that you have fully read and understood all the contents of our agreement. This app respects and protects the personal privacy of all users using the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and high-quality services, this app will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. Unless otherwise specified in this privacy policy, this app will not disclose or provide such information to third parties without your prior permission. This application will update this privacy policy from time to time. When you agree to this application service use agreement, you shall be deemed to have agreed to all the contents of this privacy policy. one Scope of application (a) When you register the app account of this application, the personal registration information you provide according to the requirements of the app; (b) When you use the application network service or access the web page of the application platform, the application automatically receives and records the information on your browser and computer, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, language used, access date and time, software and hardware characteristic information, web page records you need, etc; (c) The application obtains user personal data from business partners through legal channels. (d) This application prohibits users from publishing bad information, such as naked, pornographic and blasphemous content. We will review the published content. Once bad information is found, all permissions of the user will be disabled and blocked. two Information use (a) This app will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal login information to any irrelevant third party. If our storage is repaired or upgraded, we will send a push message to inform you in advance. Please allow this app to notify you in advance. (b) This application also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or disseminate your personal information free of charge by any means. If any user of the application platform engages in the above activities, once found, the application has the right to immediately terminate the service agreement with the user. (c) For the purpose of serving users, the app may provide you with information you are interested in by using your personal information, including but not limited to sending you product and service information, or sharing information with app partners so that they can send you information about their products and services (the latter requires your prior consent). three information disclosure Under the following circumstances, this application will disclose your personal information in whole or in part according to your personal wishes or legal provisions: (a) We will not disclose to third parties without your prior consent; (b) In order to provide the products and services you require, you must share your personal information with a third party; (c) Disclose to a third party or an administrative or judicial organ in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law or the requirements of the administrative or judicial organ; (d) If you violate relevant Chinese laws and regulations or this application service agreement or relevant rules, you need to disclose it to a third party; (e) If you are a qualified intellectual property complainant and have filed a complaint, you should disclose it to the respondent at the request of the respondent so that both parties can deal with possible rights disputes; four Information storage and exchange The information and materials about you collected by this app will be saved on the servers of this app and / or its affiliates. These information and materials may be transmitted to your country, region or overseas where this app collects information and materials, and accessed, stored and displayed overseas. 5. Use of cookies (a) If you do not refuse to accept cookies, the app will set or access cookies on your computer ， So that you can log in or use the services or functions of this application platform that depend on cookies. This application uses cookies to provide you with more thoughtful personalized services, including promotion services. (b) You have the right to accept or reject cookies. You can refuse to accept cookies by modifying your browser settings. However, if you choose to refuse to accept cookies, you may not be able to log in or use the web services or functions of this application that depend on cookies. (c) This policy will apply to the relevant information obtained through the cookies set up by this application. 6. Changes to this Privacy Policy (a) If we decide to change the privacy policy, we will publish these changes in this policy, on the company's website and where we think appropriate, so that you can understand how we collect and use your personal information, who can access this information, and under what circumstances we will disclose this information. (b) The company reserves the right to modify this policy at any time, so please check it often. In case of major changes to this policy, the company will inform you through website notice. Party A shall disclose its personal information, such as contact information or postal address. Please protect your personal information properly and provide it to others only when necessary. If you find that your personal information is leaked, especially the user name and password of the app, please contact the app customer service immediately so that the app can take corresponding measures. Thank you for taking the time to understand our privacy policy! We will do our best to protect your personal information and legitimate rights and interests. Thank you again for your trust!
